📖 Update version support notes (#287)
metal3-io/metal3-docs: docs/user-guide/src/version_support.md

- CAPM3
    - main
        - v1beta1
    - release-1.2
        - v1beta1
    - release-1.1
        - v1beta1

Currently, in Metal³ organization only CAPM3 and IPAM follow CAPI release cycles. The supported versions (excluding release candidates) for CAPM3 and IPAM releases are as follows:

- CAPM3
    - v1beta1
        - v1.2.0, v1.1.3, v1.1.2, v1.1.1, v1.1.0
    - v1alpha5
        - v0.5.5, v0.5.4, v0.5.3, v0.5.2, v0.5.1, v0.5.0
- IPAM
    - v1alpha1
        - v1.2.0, v1.1.4, v1.1.3, v1.1.2, v1.1.1, v1.1.0, v0.1.2, v0.1.1, v0.1.0

The compatability of IPAM and CAPM3 API versions with CAPI is discussed [here](https://github.com/metal3-io/ip-address-manager#compatibility-with-cluster-api).

> Since BMO and Ironic do not follow similar release cycles they are backward compatible. However, we always tag the BMO and Ironic code base whenever we do a release in CAPM3. The tags have a prefix **capm3-** and the suffix is always the corresponding capm3- release version. So for example, if we cut a `v1.0.0` release for CAPM3 we create a tag in the BMO and Ironic code base with `capm3-v1.0.0`. Following the same trend, the following tags for BMO and Ironic are available and supported (image tags):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since BMO and Ironic do not follow similar release cycles they are backward compatible. However, we used to tag the BMO and Ironic code base whenever we do a release in CAPM3 prior to CAPM3 release 1.2.0. The tags used to have a prefix **capm3-** and the suffix was always the corresponding capm3- release version. So for example, if we cut a `v1.0.0` release for CAPM3 we created a tag in the BMO and Ironic code base with `capm3-v1.0.0`. Following the same trend, the following tags for BMO and Ironic are available and supported (image tags):
```

Author: Actually I noticed it should be: `prior to CAPM3 release 1.1.3 ` because if we note 1.2.0 it might be confusing since 1.1.3 also does not have bmo tagged

> - capm3-v1.2.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- capm3-v1.2.0 (Ironic Only)
```

> - capm3-v1.1.3 (starting from this tag and forwards, relevant to Ironic only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- capm3-v1.1.3 (Ironic only)
```

> - capm3-v1.1.2 (up until this tag, relevant to both BMO and Ironic)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- capm3-v1.1.2
```

- capm3-v0.5.1
- capm3-v0.5.0

> Up until `capm3-v1.1.2` tag, BMO follows the same trend as Ironic. However, starting after `capm3-v1.1.2` and forwards tag, BMO follows the semantic versioning scheme for its own release cycle, the same way as CAPM3 and IPAM. At the moment, we always cut rolling releases from the main branch of BMO and tag them with the release version (i.e: v0.1.X). Here are available and supported BMO image tags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Up until `capm3-v1.1.2` tag, BMO follows the same trend as Ironic. However, since `capm3-v1.1.2`, BMO follows the semantic versioning scheme for its own release cycle, the same way as CAPM3 and IPAM. At the moment, we always cut rolling releases from the main branch of BMO and tag them with the release version (i.e: v0.1.X). Here are available and supported BMO image tags:
```

- capm3-v0.5.1
- capm3-v0.5.0

Up until `capm3-v1.1.2` tag, BMO follows the same trend as Ironic. However, since `capm3-v1.1.2`, BMO follows the semantic versioning scheme for its own release cycle, the same way as CAPM3 and IPAM. At the moment, we always cut rolling releases from the main branch of BMO and tag them with the release version (i.e: v0.1.X). Here are available and supported BMO image tags:

- v0.1.1
- v0.1.0

## Supported Image tags

Supported container images for BMO and Ironic can be found in quay. Examples are:

- quay.io/metal3-io/ironic:capm3-v1.2.0

> - quay.io/metal3-io/baremetal-operator:v0.1.2

Author: Thanks for catching @dtantsur, fixed now!
